PD-273 Reorganize and Update Support Articles (#1815)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/GettingStarted/Getting Support/FileIssueSCALE.md

After logging in, select **Allow** to give TrueNAS read and write access to your data on the Jira site. A token is added to the OAuth section of this form.  

![GeneralSettingsSCALESupportJiraLogin](/images/SCALE/GeneralSettingsSCALESupportJiraLogin.png "SCALE General Settings Jira Login")

![GeneralSettingsSCALESupportJiraLogin2](/images/SCALE/GeneralSettingsSCALESupportJiraLogin2.png "SCALE General Settings Jira Login Token")

After logging into Jira, select either **Bug** or **Feature** as the **Type** of ticket to create, then choose the appropriate **Category** for your request.

Attach a debug file to all bug tickets. 
Click **Attach Debug**. SCALE generates the debug file, uploads it to the private attachment area, and creates the link to the Jira ticket. Debug files give the TrueNAS team pertinent information about the system and what could be causing any issues. 
If the debug file is too large to attach to your ticket, the following displays:

![GeneralSettingsSCALEJiraTicketDebugToLarge](/images/SCALE/GeneralSettingsSCALEJiraTicketDebugToLarge.png "SCALE General Settings Debug To Large To Attach")  

Provide a brief summary of the issue in **Subject**. 

> Enter much details about the issue as possible as the reason for submitting the ticket in the **Description** field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter as many details about the issue as possible and the reason for submitting the ticket in the **Description** field. 
```
